it's the last day of school and we're on
our way to school at the moment the snow
is proving to be and the ice are proving
to be quite tricky to drive
I regret to say that it is currently
about 20 past 10:00 and I haven't
flogged at all today which is why I'm
going to be merging today's and
tomorrow's vlogs today has just been
quite hectic and I haven't really had a
chance to film the last day of term
which is really upsetting actually I was
hate it when this town ends because I
think it's the best term of the year
because we had a snow day the last two
days is where I was a really busy school
day then after school until 7:00
I helped at a Christmas concert at
school and then after that i was invited
to a sick forum Christmas party at one
of my friends houses and so I went along
to that until 9:00 and I've been
watching some videos from the National
Geographic online and also from the New
York Times and also doing some general
Yuchi Badman but it hasn't been really
productive
I'm actually really tired if I'm honest
um I'm just gonna go and have a shower
now and then I'm going to go to bed but
I will vlog more tomorrow which will
hopefully prove to be more exciting I
didn't actually start filming until a
lot later the next morning however Here
I am doing some RS flashcards
so it's 110 and those flashcards
literally took me about an hour and a
half to write and they only wrote about
20 flashcards of really time-consuming
to make for chemistry I do the one on
Quizlet but with Rs I've always have
written them because they're kind of
dismayed like many as he plans but I
think I'm going to start typing them
because it's gonna be a lot quicker so I
kind of regret doing that about half
with you I thought or I wish I typed
them going to find some chemistry
organic practice questions instead
so I just took my channel and I've just
hit 18,000 subscribers that is
unbelievable
here I was just watching my friend
Margo's latest study with me you should
definitely check out her channel I will
leave it linked somewhere on the screen
or down below then I just tidied up my
desk because it's really horrible
working at a messy desk space and then I
just did some chemistry Quizlet
next I get some more chemistry questions
you can definitely see that today's work
did focus on chemistry and actually
after doing this I went run to my
friend's house because my friend Alexa
had invited me round for dinner at her
house I ended up having such a lovely
time and it was it really was all of the
best dinners that I've ever been to I
got back from my friends about half an
hour ago and it is currently 11:30 I
really did have a wonderful evening this
is rather late I'm going to round off
the vlog here but thank you for watching
and well there's just one thing left to
say